Adding instructions for using a Group Managed Service Account. (#17681)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/infrastructure/host-integrations/host-integrations-list/microsoft-sql/microsoft-sql-server-integration.mdx

* The [infrastructure agent](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/get-started/install-infrastructure-agent-new-relic) installed.
* Install the [infrastructure agent](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/get-started/install-infrastructure-agent-new-relic) on a Linux or Windows OS host, or on a host capable of remotely accessing where SQL Server is installed.

> * Requires SQL Server user, domain user, or Group Managed Service Account with [user privileges](#users-privileges) for both `CONNECT` and `VIEW SERVER STATE`, and `READ` access permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Requires SQL Server user, domain user, or group managed service account with [user privileges](#users-privileges) for both `CONNECT` and `VIEW SERVER STATE`, and `READ` access permissions.
```

3. Go to `C:\Program Files\New Relic\newrelic-infra\integrations.d\` and rename the `mssql-config.yml.sample` file to `mssql-config.yml`.
4. Edit the `mssql-config.yml` configuration file with your favorite editor. Check out some [configuration file examples.](#examples).

<Callout variant="important">

>   If using a Group Managed Service Account, gMSA, for SQL Server access, the agent needs to run as the gMSA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The agent needs to run as the gMSA if it uses a group managed service account for SQL Server access.
```

Reviewer: @phillipsj can you explain what this call out means, actually? I'm understanding that the agent itself needs to be configured to access a group managed service account (therefore letting it run as a gMSA) if the SQL server itself is managed by a group-type account on the mySQL-side? Is that correct?

Author: @akristen I can see that being confusing. If you require services to access a SQL Server using a gMSA, then the service, like the New Relic Agent, needs to be running as that account.

    ```

  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    id="domain-user"
    title="For Windows Group Managed Service Account"
  >

>     1. Create a new login and grant `CONNECT` and `VIEW` permissions:

Reviewer: Are they creating a new login on the SQL side, or on the new relic side? Where are they adding this snippet to grant connect and view permissions? @phillipsj

Author: This is for creating the login on the SQL Server side, not in New Relic.

    ```sql
    USE master;
      CREATE LOGIN [DomainName\gMSA] FROM windows;
      GRANT CONNECT SQL TO [Domain\gMSA];
      GRANT VIEW SERVER STATE TO [Domain\gMSA];
      GRANT VIEW ANY DEFINITION TO [Domain\gMSA];
    ```

>     2. Use the following statements to grant `READ` access privileges to the user:

Reviewer: Where are they using the following statements? Is it immediately after the snippet that grants CONNECT and VIEW permissions? Is it later in some kind of file? What file are these updates located in?

Author: This is just the setup of the gMSA on the SQL Server side. I was just following the pattern for creating the domain accounts or the SQL login account.

  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    id="basic-config-gmsa-domain"
    title="Basic configuration with Windows Group Managed Service Account"
  >

>     This is the basic configuration used to collect metrics and inventory from your localhost. In this case we use a Group Managed Service Acccount for authentication which requires a blank username and password:

Reviewer: I see we're using gMSA interchangeable with Group Managed Service Account. Is gMSA just the acronym for this account type?

Author: gMSA is just the acronym for a Group Managed Service account. This is a Microsoft concept that can be used in Windows and SQL Server.
